Let's implement the logic to pastie real ingredients we picked on to checkout container I'll do this
here in my Bergere Boulder component obviously where I push to the checkout page there.
I now want to push a javascript object.
Well said Prof named slash check out but where then can specify a search parameter or a search query
which is how I want to pass the ingredients.
Now for that I of course somehow need to encode my ingredients into such a search query.
How can I do that.
I will try a new constant which a name query parents name is up to you of course and this will be an
empty array initially.
Then I want you add elements to date array of doodles with a for loop and all loop through all the properties
in this state ingredient so in the ingredients I have now I will Porche.
Each ingredient to describe the parent's array.
But there I will use a little helper method which is provided by javascript and code.
You are a component which simply encodes my elements such that they can be used in the U r l.
This is rather bad for whitespace and so on.
They're all used to property name it which wouldn't need encoding in my case because it will work like
that solid and so on.
These are all non-critical elements.
Then add an equal sign because we have key equals something inquiry parens and then also encode the
value again.
This wouldn't really be needed here because the value is just a number which is non-critical.
But here I'll then use this state ingredients for decie we're currently at.
So I asked to key these are the property names in mind regions in the end just.
And here I'm setting property name equal to well the value for that property name.
So this is an array which now just has a couple of strings which is property name equal property value.
Now this array of strings is what I want to join with the end sign.
So I'll add a query string constant here where I'll use my query parens array called the join method
and showing it with the end sign and then finally I went to attach it here with questionmark and then
my query string which is just my string of well ingredients let me save Doesn't that see if that works
for go back to the burger Polder.
And yes the links aren't godlings they are still the old things which are deep but fine for now.
So let's build a burger now like Order now and click continue.
And you can see that I do pass it on like this in the U r l.
Now of course I need to parse this in the checkout component and then I'll do this in component did
mount.
I won't use component did update or anything like that because whenever I load this component it will
mount itself.
There is no way I can route to it without it being mounted again because it's not nested in some other
page or anything like that.
Now there I will want to use the code you saw before to extract the query parameters all treat a new
constant which I'll name Querrey where I used d or else search Perens constructor.
Pass this prop's location search which includes the questionmark and so on but where you are I'll search
Peronist I can basically extract that.
Then I'll add a new ingredient object here because I want to store and ingredients object in this form
you're in the state and then I will use for let Param of Querrey entries.
As you learn to loop through the friend Querrey parents and I separate.
Each entry will have this format the key like sell it and then the value like one.
Now of course I want to turn this into this object format so I will simply say ingredient Param element
0 which is just a name like this which is then used as a property name and added to that ingredient
object Shippy equals Q..
And now comes to well-you which is just Param element one does value and we can convert this into a
number by adding a plus.
And of course there should be ingredients here using this javascript object.
Now once this is done I can call this set state and hopefully successfully set my ingredients to the
ingredients I created and extract that here.
Let's save doesn't let's see if it works.
Looks pretty good if I now manually change.
Let's say that she's 2 2 in the query parameter we extract and lotas successfully.
So now we're able to pass the data with query Perens a huge advancement of course.
Let's next work on that contact data.